# Overview {#concept_rrw_pd4_vdb .concept}

Applications running on the cloud platform need some basic services such as databases, application servers, and other generic basic softwares. For example, a WordPress application, as a Web application, needs a database service \(such as MariaDB\) in the backend. Traditionally, you can create the MariaDB service on which the application depends in the WordPress application orchestration, and integrate the MariaDB service with the Web application. To develop applications on the cloud in this way, developers must spend time and energy deploying and configuring the dependent infrastructure softwares, which increases the costs of hosting and migrating applications.

Alibaba Cloud Container Service supports and integrates with the service catalog function. The service catalog function aims to access and manage the service brokers, which allows applications running in Kubernetes clusters to use the managed services offered by service brokers. A series of infrastructure softwares are supported by the service catalog function, which allows the developers to use these softwares as services and focus on the applications, the core of the development, without concerning about the availability and scalability of the softwares or managing the softwares.

The service catalog uses the Open service broker API of Kubernetes to communicate with service brokers, acting as an intermediary for the Kubernetes API server to negotiate the initial provisioning and obtain the credentials necessary for the applications to use the managed services. For more information about the implementation principle of the service catalog, see [Service catalog](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/service-catalog/).

